README.md, before:

[![Community Project header](https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/master/src/images/categories/Community_Project.png)](https://opensource.newrelic.com/oss-category/#community-project)

# [Name of Project] [build badges go here when available]

>[Brief description - what is the project and value does it provide? How often should users expect to get releases? How is versioning set up? Where does this project want to go?]

## Installation

> [Include a step-by-step procedure on how to get your code installed. Be sure to include any third-party dependencies that need to be installed separately]

## Getting Started
>[Simple steps to start working with the software similar to a "Hello World"]

## Usage
>[**Optional** - Include more thorough instructions on how to use the software. This section might not be needed if the Getting Started section is enough. Remove this section if it's not needed.]


## Building

>[**Optional** - Include this section if users will need to follow specific instructions to build the software from source. Be sure to include any third party build dependencies that need to be installed separately. Remove this section if it's not needed.]

## Testing

>[**Optional** - Include instructions on how to run tests if we include tests with the codebase. Remove this section if it's not needed.]

## Support

New Relic hosts and moderates an online forum where customers can interact with New Relic employees as well as other customers to get help and share best practices. Like all official New Relic open source projects, there's a related Community topic in the New Relic Explorers Hub. You can find this project's topic/threads here:

>Add the url for the support thread here

## Contributing
We encourage your contributions to improve [project name]! Keep in mind when you submit your pull request, you'll need to sign the CLA via the click-through using CLA-Assistant. You only have to sign the CLA one time per project.
If you have any questions, or to execute our corporate CLA, required if your contribution is on behalf of a company,  please drop us an email at opensource@newrelic.com.

## License
[Project Name] is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) License.
>[If applicable: The [project name] also uses source code from third-party libraries. You can find full details on which libraries are used and the terms under which they are licensed in the third-party notices document.]

Commit message:

Initial code migration to public repo

README.md, after:

[![Community Project header](https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/master/src/images/categories/Community_Project.png)](https://opensource.newrelic.com/oss-category/#community-project)

# newrelic-module-util-java

This project creates a jar that covers calls to [`ClassLoader.getPlatformClassLoader`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/9/docs/api/java/lang/ClassLoader.html#getPlatformClassLoader--) 
and [`Instrumentation.redefineModule`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/9/docs/api/java/lang/instrument/Instrumentation.html#redefineModule-java.lang.Module-java.util.Set-java.util.Map-java.util.Map-java.util.Set-java.util.Map-).

:warning: This jar has a very niche use case for the New Relic Java agent. 
It is not intended to be used or modified for any other environment.

## Installation
You can find this jar on [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/) and include it as you would any other Java dependency.

## Usage

Instantiate the `Impl` classes and call the methods. If running on Java 9 or later, ensure your JVM properly handles multi-release jars.

Java 7 and 8 do not have these methods, so they have implementations that `no-op`.
Java 9 and later require these calls for the agent to start itself. 
To avoid reflecting and catching errors, we provide this module to provide the functionality.

This jar is a [multi-release jar](https://openjdk.java.net/jeps/238). The concrete implementations have two different `classfiles`. The `classfile` in the standard location is for Java 7 and 8. The `classfile` under `META-INF/versions/9` is for Java 9 and higher.


## Building

Ensure your Gradle is running with Java 9 or later. Then, run:

`./gradlew jar`


## Support

New Relic has open-sourced this project. This project is provided AS-IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OR DEDICATED SUPPORT. Report issues and contributions to the project here on GitHub.

We encourage you to bring your experiences and questions to the [Explorers Hub](https://discuss.newrelic.com/) where our community members collaborate on solutions and new ideas.

## Community

New Relic hosts and moderates an online forum where customers can interact with New Relic employees as well as other customers to get help and share best practices. Like all official New Relic open source projects, there's a related Community topic in the New Relic Explorers Hub. You can find this project's topic/threads here:

https://discuss.newrelic.com/c/support-products-agents/java-agent

## Contributing
We encourage your contributions to improve this project! Keep in mind when you submit your pull request, you'll need to sign the CLA via the click-through using CLA-Assistant. You only have to sign the CLA one time per project.
If you have any questions, or to execute our corporate CLA, required if your contribution is on behalf of a company,  please drop us an email at opensource@newrelic.com.

## License
newrelic-module-util-java is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) License.
